VolI:
A first course in rigorous mathematical analysis. Covers the real number system, sequences and series, continuous functions, the derivative, the Riemann integral, sequences of functions, and metric spaces. Originally developed to teach Math 444 at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and later enhanced for Math 521 at University of Wisconsin-Madison and Math 4143 at Oklahoma State University. The first volume is either a stand-alone one-semester course or the first semester of a year-long course together with the second volume.  It can be used anywhere from a semester early introduction to analysis for undergraduates (especially chapters 1-5) to a year-long course for advanced undergraduates and masters-level students.

Table of contents:

Introduction
1. Real Numbers
2. Sequences and Series
3. Continuous Functions
4. The Derivative
5. The Riemann Integral
6. Sequences of Functions
7. Metric Spaces

Jiří Lebl is currently an Associate Professor in the Mathematics Department of the Oklahoma State University.

See https://www.jirka.org/ra/ for more information.




BIO:
Jiri Lebl is an Associate Professor in the Department of Mathematics at the Oklahoma State University. Jiri has taught mathematics at all levels for well over a decade at several other institutions: San Diego State University, University of California at San Diego, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and University of Wisconsin-Madison. He has published over 30 peer reviewed scientific papers, mostly focused on complex analysis in several variables. Before jumping fully into mathematics, he was involved in programming and free software, in particular, the GNOME desktop project, and he wrote several programming tutorials.

VI DESC:
A first course in rigorous mathematical analysis. Covers the real number system, sequences and series, continuous functions, the derivative, the Riemann integral, sequences of functions, and metric spaces. Originally developed to teach Math 444 at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and later enhanced for Math 521 at University of Wisconsin-Madison and Math 4143 at Oklahoma State University. The first volume is either a stand-alone one-semester course or the first semester of a year-long course together with the second volume.  It can be used anywhere from a semester early introduction to analysis for undergraduates (especially chapters 1-5) to a year-long course for advanced undergraduates and masters-level students.  See http://www.jirka.org/ra/

VII DESC:

The second volume of Basic Analysis, a first course in mathematical analysis.  This volume is the second semester material for a year-long sequence for advanced undergraduates or masters level students.  This volume started with notes for Math 522 at University of Wisconsin-Madison and then was heavily revised and modified for teaching Math 4153/5053 at Oklahoma State University.  It covers differential calculus in several variables, line integrals, multivariable Riemann integral including a basic case of Green's Theorem, and topics on power series, Arzelà-Ascoli, Stone-Weierstrass, and Fourier Series.  See https://www.jirka.org/ra/


VolII:
The second volume of Basic Analysis, a first course in mathematical analysis.  This volume is the second semester material for a year-long sequence for advanced undergraduates or masters level students.  This volume started with notes for Math 522 at University of Wisconsin-Madison and then was heavily revised and modified for teaching Math 4153/5053 at Oklahoma State University.  It covers differential calculus in several variables, line integrals, multivariable Riemann integral including a basic case of Green's Theorem, and topics on power series, Arzelà-Ascoli, Stone-Weierstrass, and Fourier Series.

Table of contents:

8. Several Variables and Partial Derivatives
9. One-dimensional Integrals in Several Variables
10. Multivariable Integral
11. Functions as Limits

Jiří Lebl is currently an Associate Professor in the Mathematics Department of the Oklahoma State University.

See https://www.jirka.org/ra/ for more information.
